feat: update docs for configv3 release (#166)
snaplet/docs: docs/05-guides/migration-new-config.md

### (migrated) Schema exclusion

On the previous configuration the "exclusion" of the schemas and tables was done by setting the value to `false`. In another file. Now, everything is grouped in the same file.
Let's take an example to see what it means.

Before, you would have files like this:

```ts
// .snaplet/schema.json
{
    // exclude the private schema from the capture
    private: false
}
// .snaplet/transform.ts

const config: Transform = () => {
  return {
    pgboss: {
      // exclude the data for all the tables in pgboss schema
      archive: false,
      job: false,
      schedule: false,
      // except for the "version" table
      version: ({row}) => row
    },
    ...
  }
}
```

Now, you will move this configuration to the same file under the "select" property:

```ts
import { defineConfig } from "snaplet";
export default defineConfig({
  select: {
    // Exclude the private schema from the capture
    private: false,
    pgboss: {
      // Exclude the data for all the tables in pgboss schema
      $default: "structure",
      // Except for the "version" table
      version: true,
    }
  },
});
```

> As you can see we introduced a new `$default` parameter which allow you to choose if you rather "include" or "exclude" mutiples tables under a schema per default. This was a long requested feature and we are happy to finally introduce it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, we introduced a new `$default` parameter which allows you to choose if you'd rather "include" or "exclude" mutiples tables under a schema by default. This was a long requested feature and we are happy to finally introduce it.
```

For more details, see [exclude](docs/04-references/data-operations/03-exclude.md)

### (migrated) Subset

> The subset feature is now available under the "sample" property on the configuration. Nothing change much in it except that the types definition for it are much more precise allowing you to know in advance what you can do with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subset feature is now available under the "sample" property on the configuration. It remains mostly the same, except that the type definitions for it are much more precise, which allows you to know in advance what you can do with it.
```

For example this configuration:

```ts
export const subset = {
  enabled: true,
  version: "3",
  targets: [
    {
      table: "public.User",
      percent: 5
    }
  ],
  keepDisconnectedTables: true,
  followNullableRelations: true,
  maxCyclesLoop: 1,
}
```

Will now translate to:

```ts
import { defineConfig } from "snaplet";
export default defineConfig({
  sample: {
    targets: [
      {
        table: "public.User",
        percent: 5
      }
    ],
    keepDisconnectedTables: true,
    followNullableRelations: true,
    maxCyclesLoop: 1,
  },
});
```

> If you encounter any issue during your migration, please contact us on our discord server we'll be happy to assist you [Discord](https://app.snaplet.dev/chat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issue during your migration, please contact us on our [Discord server](https://app.snaplet.dev/chat). We'll be happy to assist you .
```
